59,59,Stephen H Bach,University of Maryland,Mark Maloof,Georgetown University,A Bayesian Approach to Concept Drift.
60,60,Felix V Agakov,University of Edinburgh,Amos Storkey,University of Edinburgh,Sparse Instrumental Variables (SPIV) for Genome-Wide Studies.
61,61,Bo Thiesson,Microsoft Research,Chong Wang,ByteDance Inc.,Fast Large-scale Mixture Modeling with Component-specific Data Partitions.
62,62,Li-Jia Li,Stanford University,Li Fei-Fei,Stanford University,Object Bank: A High-Level Image Representation for Scene Classification & Semantic Feature Sparsification.
63,63,David J Weiss,University of Pennsylvania,Ben Taskar,University of Washington,Sidestepping Intractable Inference with Structured Ensemble Cascades.
64,64,Nebojsa Jojic,Microsoft Research,Vittorio Murino,Istituto Italiano di Tecnologia,Structural epitome: a way to summarize one’s visual experience.
65,65,Ariel Kleiner,Google Research,Michael Jordan,UC Berkeley,Random Conic Pursuit for Semidefinite Programming.
66,66,Ken Takiyama,The University of Tokyo,Masato Okada,The University of Tokyo / RIKEN BSI,Switching state space model for simultaneously estimating state transitions and nonstationary firing rates.
67,67,Matthias Broecheler,University of Maryland CP,Lise Getoor,UC Santa Cruz,Computing Marginal Distributions over Continuous Markov Networks for Statistical Relational Learning.
68,68,David Pal,Google,Csaba Szepesvari,DeepMind / University of Alberta,Estimation of Renyi Entropy and Mutual Information Based on Generalized Nearest-Neighbor Graphs.
69,69,Byron Boots,University of Washington,Geoffrey Gordon,MSR Montréal & CMU,Predictive State Temporal Difference Learning.
70,70,Chris Barber,University of Wisconsin–Milwaukee,Paul Roebber,UW Milwaukee,Auto-Regressive HMM Inference with Incomplete Data for Short-Horizon Wind Forecasting.
71,71,Javad Azimi,Microsoft,Xiaoli Fern,Oregon State University,Batch Bayesian Optimization via Simulation Matching.
72,72,Mario J Fritz,MPI Informatics,Trevor Darrell,UC Berkeley,Size Matters: Metric Visual Search Constraints from Monocular Metadata.
73,73,Hai-Son P Le,Carnegie Mellon University,Ziv Bar-Joseph,Carnegie Mellon University,Cross Species Expression Analysis using a Dirichlet Process Mixture Model with Latent Matchings.
74,74,Finale P Doshi-Velez,Harvard,Josh Tenenbaum,MIT,Nonparametric Bayesian Policy Priors for Reinforcement Learning.
75,75,Margareta Ackerman,Florida State University,David R Loker,University of Waterloo,Towards Property-Based Classification of Clustering Paradigms.
76,76,Jacob Bien,Stanford University,Michael W Mahoney,UC Berkeley,CUR from a Sparse Optimization Viewpoint.
77,77,Roland Memisevic,Twenty Billion Neurons Inc.,Marc Pollefeys,ETH Zurich,Gated Softmax Classification.
78,78,Yung-Kyun Noh,Hanyang University,Daniel Lee,Cornell Tech,Generative Local Metric Learning for Nearest Neighbor Classification.
